boy talk about cutting it close yeah not
really come on tell me you weren't
scared if it wasn't for us you wouldn't
add a chance well maybe you're right
Thanks knuckles you two tails later guys
I'm out of here Eggman target completely
destroyed now let's find that secret
treasure
prepare to destroy an immediate area hey
omega did I ever tell you that shadow is
a robot and oh never mind good luck you
know about cloning the original must
exist somewhere all this for what
nothing I might as well go look for that
Master Emerald since that irritating
echidna is here some things never change
do they what are you saying what else is
a famous treasure hunter supposed to do
yes he was a fake after all what do you
mean after all thank you dr. Eggman I
pursue what's going on what that you
knew it was me all along didn't you it's
all part of being a good detective where
we fooled that easily yeah hey hold on
you guys it's no trick and besides I
plan on paying you you'll be rewarded
handsomely for helping me as soon as I
conquer the world I will peel some nerve
promising what you ain't got we've been
had to just wait a minute just listen to
me
then who was it who locked you up here
for trying to conquer the world it was
monica's finally transform
that's Metal Sonic it's useless metal
sonic has combined your data with the
power of chaos that is super strong we
can't defeat its car if only we have the
seven Chaos Emerald what's this but how
even with the emeralds power and chances
for victory are slim it would take a
miracle just leave that to me doc you
can help me in two chuckles okay guys
we'll buy you some time that way you can
use your superpowers
let's get ready to build it
show that creep the real super power of
teamwork
here
it's no use because we're sonic heroes
anytime you want a rematch just let me
know I'll be waiting sonic sure has his
hands full I guess I'm out of here too I
think I'll go head for someone else she
never gives up touchy oh no you don't
wait guess that's it for this case guess
so but what about our buddy man I almost
forgot the slimeball alright our next
adventure awaits us so there's no time
to waste yeah we're sonic heroes
Oh